---
layout: post
title:  First job/internship
date:   "2020-10-25"
categories: software developer first job internship
---

## Arming up for the battle 🛠

We all have been there, we all have been through it, and you will too 💪. We all, as humans beings, will need to conquer the very first job/internship from our lives. We might have different personal motives to accomplish this personal milestone. Moreover the end of this goal may shift from one another. For example:

- You might need this job to validate yourself to someone. That someone could be your parent, someone you love or yourself 💕
- You could be in need for a job for your own survival.
- You can have the passion for doing that job.
- You may want to help other by doing so.

Having stated some examples of job motivation, now you need to root for it. You have to apply for that job and present yourself. You will have to define yourself and state your strengths, trust me we all have them. If you don't see them yourself ask anyone in your social circle 😀.

You will face tough questions and mostly blunt assumptions about yourself. The best way to surpass this might be to expose your vulnerabilities. We trust people who fail, who feels approachable, who isn't afraid to show themselves as they truly are.

All humans make mistakes, if they expect a perfect employee wish them luck hiring a robot 🤖. We as humans do not trust people who seem flawless, we don't empathize with people who are idealized.

## Now what? 😅
**WIP**

<!-- `YEAR-MONTH-DAY-title.MARKUP` -->
<!-- {% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %} -->
<!-- [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk]. -->

[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/